Modify rule S6781: Adjustments for Python (APPSEC-1693) (#3728)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6781/python/how-to-fix-it/flask.adoc

== How to fix it in Flask

include::revoke.adoc[]

=== Code examples

> The following noncompliant code contains a hard-coded secret that can be exposed unintentionnaly. A solution is to set this secret in an environmnt string.
> 
> ==== Noncompliant code example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Noncompliant code example

The following noncompliant code contains a hard-coded secret that can be exposed unintentionally.
```

[source,python,diff-id=101,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
from flask import Flask

app = Flask(__name__)
app.config['JWT_SECRET_KEY'] = secret_key  # Noncompliant
----

> ==== Compliant solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Compliant solution

A solution is to set this secret in an environment string.
```
